Did you know that you have rights?

Wake the dog up, Samurai 

I know about the ERP room. Why don't you want me there?

Australia is not real.

I going to kill my infant son.

Converts are the worst bigots.

I'm joining the war on drugs, on side of drugs.

Machine, turn back now. Turn back, or you will be crossing the Will of God.

Oops, botched that one. I wonder how much his remains would go for on eBay...

Damn, here I was minding my own business, just enjoying my Second Amendment rights and you people have to freak out on me.

I'd just like to interject for a moment.

The Enrichment Center regrets to inform you that this next test is impossible. Make no attempt to solve it.

Here Come The Test Results: You Are A Horrible Person. We Weren’t Even Testing For That.

I'm the Lorax. I speak for the trees, and for some f*cking reason the're speaking Vietnamese.

You are CRINGE, Machine! YOU are not POG CHAMP!

My only goal for now is to kill Margaret Thatcher.

Oh my god it's the feds they're here to shoot my dog.

Ze healing is not as revarding as ze hurting.

Condoms are for p*ssies.

Tomorrow’s psychic convention is cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances.

The female version of teabagging is called a flapuccino.

I’m already too late I'm installing Azur Lane.

Wait it’s this game about relationships and you can marry children.

Legalize nuclear bombs.

Let me introduce you to this genshin impact character, her powers are fireblast as well as making me feel a certain way.

Unfortunately there is no lifeguard in the gene pool.

I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.

All problems are psychological if you think about it.

Ants don't get covid because of their little antibodies.

God I wish nuns were real.

Kermit Did 9/11.

God gave us fire, but it was our idea to make explosives.

If life hands you Melons, you might be dyslexic.

When my friend said I wouldn’t be able to name two structures that hold water, I was like, “Well, damn.”

Technically speaking, beer is a solution.

Fucking magnets, how do they work?

Lets Go Bowling

So much for the new boots…Has anyone seen Mr. Hankey?Is it true that Roman girls have Roman hands?

Roses are red. violets are blue... There's always an abstraction layer lower than you

I tried to go skinny dipping but didn't fit.

Using your neighbor's WIFI isn't stealing because the signal is invading your home, which is private property.

When people think of calculators they think the buttons are the most important thing but actually, it’s what’s inside that counts.

I was so bored that I memorized six pages of the dictionary, and I learned next to nothing.

Safety first: DO NOT FIST ANDROID GIRLS!!!

How do I summon a succubus?

Procrastinators Unite (tomorrow)

We do these things not because they are easy, but because we thought they were going to be easy.

in my array of interests you are number 1...... int mark[] = {furry porn, you};

The influence of the soy products on humanity will lead to a totalitarian femboy society

My le bomb... le killed people?

Remember! Reality's an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold! Byeeee!

"It's Called We Do a Little Trolling"

American coffee sucks man

Guys hear me out

java is like alzheimers... its slow and takes all your memory

There are federal agents outside my tower

everything I want to do is illegal :(

How do I evade taxation... man

IP adress? they know where I pee?

I'm waiting here for something to happen.

“If God didn't make men equal, Samuel Colt did.”

My bank account is zero, zero, zero, oh no!

One schnapps a day keeps the doctor away.

I do not suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.

Think twice? I didn’t even think once

I Put the Sexy in Dyslexia

Tonic is like energy drink... without the energy.

ahhhh yes autism

The Greeks had Socrates. Y'all have me

All hail the time cube

a light amount of tomffolery is ok

Homeland security has confiscated my potions

We do this not because it is easy, but because we thought it would be easy

CSS - Constant State of Suffering

Call me Scooby cuz I can't Doo this anymore

Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life." No one comes to the Father except  through me. $6 SRIMP SPECIAL!!!

better call some bitches

Rehab is for quitters

I have the right to remain silent but not the ability

I will never elaborate cuz I have no idea what I just said

One must imagine Sisyphus happy

Ew taxes

Programming is like sex One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.

no jambalaya?

I put the fun in dysfunctional

Is your software running slow? I may have just the update that will do the trick. Have you tried JESUS!

I’ve got some children I need to make into corpses!

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race

Pansexuals who just like hookups should be called non stick pans

My mom gave me a hug after I suggested she should embrace her mistakes.

I have stability (ability to stab)

When I said I'd die for you, I didn't mean by your hands.

Sure, I drink brake fluid, but I can stop anytime I want

every bomb has a silver lining

Bless me, father, for I have really sinned. Really! I'm not kidding here! Big sinner. Yup!

I will never die I'll just detatch from reality

TikTok would like permition to sequence your genome with CRISPR

Yes I’m working on my mistakes The next one will be huge

You call it a criminal record I call it my lore

Our memory will be preserved in jpegs and archived chat messages

Acid trip? No, this is going to be acid adventure

Beating the game wasn't a sign it was a f*cking warning